hey youtube Kier twig here bringing you
guys my performapal deck profile for
August 2014 this is a fun deck that I
made along the side of all the other
main decks I'm making out of duelist
Alliance still a fun trollee deck with
lots of shenanigans the main point of
the deck is to get out your big monster
odd-eyes pendulum dragon along with
using all the skills of the performer
pal monsters which involves switching
attack points lowering attack points and
vice versa so we'll go ahead and get
started the one of the first performer
pals you use is perform a POW whip snake
his ability is pretty much a shield and
sword once returned during either
player's main phase you could target one
face-up monster on the field switch its
current attack and fence until the end
of the turn it's so trollee pretty much
because you can do it on your opponent's
turn which is very fun so pretty much if
your opponent gets out a monster with a
heavy amount of attack points use whip
snake to switch its attack and defense
and always make sure that whatever
you're switching it's lower than his
attack so they won't be able to hit over
it which is 1700 which is a pretty good
high rate attack point for just a level
4 monster and I also run 3 perform a pal
swordfish he's great just for the fact
that when you summon or snore Melora
special summon him all monsters your
opponent currently control lose 600
attack and defense if you special summon
a monster while you control this card
all monsters your opponent currently
control lose 600 attack and offense with
pendulum summon this card really goes
off crazily if you summon swordfish plus
2 whip snake that's a total of 1800
attack points being lost or if you were
to go out with another swordfish that's
just even more life being lost because
of the effect stacking it's a great card
to use making it easy for your weaker
monsters to hit over your opponent's
high attack point monsters plus it's
very fun to do plus I also run 3
performer pal skeet skimmer pretty much
this guy he's pretty much forced all you
could summon him if your opponent
attacks into him you can switch into
defense mode and negate that attack so
meaning that have to attack again with
another monster just to get rid of this
guy like I said he's great for stall
just so you can wait to set up your
place I also run
you perform a power collado scorpion I
don't use him much for the pendulum
effect I use it more for his monster
effect which is once per turn you can
target 1 face-up monster you control
this turn it can attack all special
summon monsters your opponent currently
controls once each it's great pretty
much because with your main monster of
the deck which is on eyes pendulum
dragon meaning pendulum dragon can
attack each of the special summon
monsters once each and using his own
effect which doubles all damage of level
5 or higher monsters maining you're
making your opponent take a lot of
damage with just one monster attack that
turn I only run two though it is a level
6 it can get kind of cloggy at times and
I also run probably my favorite of the
performer pals just because how he looks
he's so cute performer pal term toad his
abilities are in the pendulum zone once
per turn you can target 1 face-up
monster on the field switch the current
attack in the fence until the end of the
turn light it's pretty much a whip snake
for the pendulum zone and its monster
effect is once returned during your
battle phase except during the damage
step you can target one monster your
opponent you do now one monster you
control my mistake change the battle
position and if you do switch its
current attack and defense until the end
of the turn great if you gotta perform
pal stuck in defense mode after
switching it or just being summoned that
way switch it switch the attack and
defense and it can hit for a pretty good
attack the best combo is with skeet
skimmer like let's say the turn before
you special summoned it in defense mode
you have turn toad so you can during the
battle phase target one monster you
control change its battle position if
you do switch the current tag in defense
meaning skeet skimmer would switch from
500 attack to 1600 making it a pretty
big heavy header I also run for the main
pendulum monsters I run three-time gazer
magician and 3 stargazer magician
they're the best ones to use pretty much
because you could search them out with
odd-eyes pendulum dragon the scale is 1
through 8 mean you can summon all of
your performance including odd-eyes
pendulum dragon making it great easy
valuable to use all three of them and
plus their spell and trap negation
effects really helps you can get your
attacks off the main heavy hitter in the
deck I run 3 odd-eyes pendulum dragon
his ability is for the monster zone if
this car bowels an opponent's monster a
bowel damage this card afflicts your
opponent is doubled it's pretty much an
o
effect and the pendulum effect is you
can reduce the Battle Damage you take
from a battle involving a pendulum
monster you control during in the 20 and
during the end phase you could destroy
this card if you do add one pendulum
monster with 15 under or less attack
from your deck to your hand you can only
use the pendulum effect of authorised
will pendulum dragon once per turn so
you can pretty much search out stargazer
magician and timegazer magician with
this effect making it a lot easier to
set up your pendulum scales plus I also
run one Blackwing zephyros the elite I
like this card pretty much because just
it's easy you have a lot of face up
cards on the field including the
pendulums making it very easy to special
summon zephyros and for the spells I run
to hippo carnival pretty much because I
do not have an extra deck for this card
deck at the moment you can make one you
just have to be very precise about which
cards you want to use hippo carnival
just helps with that stall three tokens
making it so next turn you'll get out
your big plays your opponent has to
attack the hippo tokens plus it's part
of the whole hippo carnival performa pal
deck you cannot go without a perform of
how deck and not use hippo carnival I
also run three supply squad pretty much
this card once returned if a monster you
control is destroyed by battle by a car
by battle or card Effect draw one card
pretty consistent just adds draw power
to the deck I also run three MST just so
you can clear back row up two
dimensional prisons for traps and to
Mayor Force One solemn warning to break
through scale the breakthrough skills
really help with unnecessary monster
effects you want to get over with your
performance and two wire traps wiretaps
um I basically said before I don't have
an extra deck at the moment I am working
on one but i would suggest maybe just
generic rank fours rank threes like I
said the levels are all over the place
rank tues just so you can be situational
about your plays that would be my best
advice for you with the deck arcs exit
ons paps utopia whatever exceed you
think that I am also working on a
variant if you want to work synchros
into the deck you can take out the Zeph
rose
maybe a couple other four former pals
adding cards like TG striker genex ally
birdman help out with your pendulum
plays and your synchro plays so yeah
that's it for the deck profile hope you
guys enjoy don't forget to Like and
subscribe and Kira twig out